by SuperDoodleMan

-------------------------------------
Advantage: -10

This combines shield stun, hit lag,
and the remaining duration of the
attack into a number. It shows how
fast you can act after finishing your
attack as opposed to your opponent
acting after the shield stun. For
aerial attacks, this shows as if you
hit with the attack the very frame
before landing. Shown here, your
opponent can act 10 frames before you
can, albeit from a shield.

NOTE: not all Advantage numbers are
100% accurate. If you hit with an
attack 1 frame later, you will gain
1 frame advantage, there's no telling
exactly which frame you'll hit on for
every attack. I've tried to show both
ends of the possibility spectrum for
attacks that have a large hit window.

ANOTHER NOTE: Sometimes there are
attacks that can be quickly be done
in succession (mostly rapid A ones),
which have a different advantage
than waiting for the move to finish
and do a totally different move. In
this case, the advantage number
shows how fast your followup attack
will have a hitbox out.
-------------------------------------
Air time: 59

Total time your character is in the
air from their first jump, assuming
no attacks.
-------------------------------------
Auto cancel: <10 30>

Landing during an air attack such
that your character goes into their
standard landing animation instead of
the animation for whatever attack
they were doing.

In this case, landi
-------------------------------------
Charge frame: 5

When charging a smash attack, this is
the frame during which your character
flashes in place. When you release A,
your character holds the pose for 1
additional frame. You can charge for
60 frames max.
-------------------------------------
Earliest FF: 30

If you press down on or after this
frame, you will fast fall. There is
a short window (3 frames) before this
during which you may begin holding
down, and you will fastfall on this
frame when it arrives. In this case,
you could hold down as early as frame
27.
-------------------------------------
FF air time: 46

The time your character will be in
the air with immediate fast falling.
-------------------------------------
Hit: 12, 14-16

Frames during which there's a hitbox.
The same hitbox can't hit the same
opponent more than once. For B moves,
I may describe the hitboxes.
-------------------------------------
IASA: 28

Interruptible As Soon As. You can
do an attack, jump, dash, turn,
crouch, or shield on the IASA frame.
You can interrupt with B moves on the
ground only.
-------------------------------------
Jump: airborne on frame X

This is the first frame you are truly
in the air, and you can begin attacks
on this frame. To short hop, you must
be holding jump for no longer than
X-2 frames.
-------------------------------------
Landfallspeciallag: 4

After most up Bs and some other Bs,
you fall flashing black and can't do
anything. This number shows the real
lag you get upon landing.
-------------------------------------
Landlag: 15

For A air attacks, this shows the lag
time of that attack if you land while
doing it. For B attacks, it shows the
lag you get if you land while doing
it, but only if it actually gives you
a landing animation, as opposed to
some B attacks that simply continue
the animation on the ground.
-------------------------------------
Lcanceled: 7

The lag time of an air attack when L
cancelled.
-------------------------------------
Ledge Thingies

For ledge jumps, the character
leaving the ledge and the
invincibility running out coincide.
For other ledge thingies, the
character uses the ledge for the
duration of the animation, unless it
is interrupted.
-------------------------------------
Run turnaround: 20

The time your character takes to turn
around while running. You can jump
out of this, but nothing else can
cancel it. It can vary, depending on
your momentum. The number given is
according to the character's maximum
running speed, and is assuming you
keep holding the stick in the
direction of the turn.
-------------------------------------
SAF: 30

Soonest Actionable Frame. The first
frame of any move during which you
can do anything else. Like IASA, only
also applicable to noninterruptible
moves. This might be replacing IASA.
-------------------------------------
Shield hit lag: 3

This is how many frames your attack
freezes in place while hitting your
opponent's shield (or them).
-------------------------------------
Shield Stun: 6

If your opponent shields this attack,
this is how many frames they are in
shield stun. The first frame of their
shield getting hit doesn't count,
because they could have jumped or
dodged or rolled on that frame, so
they can't really be said to be in
stun.
-------------------------------------
Total: 30

The total duration of the attack. If
the total is 30, you are stuck doing
that attack for 30 frames. Frame 1 is
the frame you pushed the button(s)
on that caused you to do the attack.
-------------------------------------
Turn-jump threshold: XX

When a character is running and they
turn around to dash in the other
direction, they can interrupt the
turning animation with a jump. The
turn-jump threshold frame is the
first frame of the turn in which the
character will be facing the way they
came.



____________
final line